[Music]
ten benefits of apple cider vinegar you
wish you'd known before the famous
baking soda now has a powerful rival in
terms of being an all-around household
solution and it's none other than apple
cider vinegar it's it's meekly next to
your baking soda and other pantry
products but after watching this video
you'll never take your bottle of apple
cider vinegar for granted ever again
aside from adding an extra kick to your
salads apple cider vinegar could also
replace some of your beauty and health
products Hippocrates the father of
Medicine lodz the health benefits of
this light brownish liquid it can treat
sunburn detoxify your liver relieve
heartburn exfoliate skin and remove
dandruff as well as a whole bunch of
surprising uses you won't believe it
capable of today brightside will share
with you the top 10 benefits of apple
cider vinegar before we get started
click the subscribe button and turn on
the little notification bell now you
won't miss all the helpful tips
appearing daily on the bright side of
life let's start with number 10 removes
dandruff the Sun is high in the sky and
you noticed tiny white flecks in your
shoulders that's not snow awkward you've
tried different anti dandruff shampoos
but they aggravate your flaky situation
are you itching to solve this and put an
end to your embarrassing condition mix
equal parts of apple cider vinegar and
warm water in a spray bottle after you
shampoo spray this mixture onto your
hair put a shower cap on your head and
let it sit for 15 minutes rinse with
warm water apply this remedy once or
twice a week
number nine exfoliate skin
you've spent hundreds of dollars on
facial treatments and fancy skin creams
but that stubborn acne and those pimples
won't leave your beautiful face here
comes the mighty apple cider vinegar it
can do these things more effectively and
for only a few pennies amazing make it a
natural skin toner by mixing two cups of
water and one tablespoon of vinegar dab
a cotton ball in the solution and apply
it to your clean dry face before you
sleep do not rinse your face so that the
apple cider vinegars Malak and lactic
acids can work on your skin overnight
number eight vinegar bath if your apple
cider vinegar facial toner use positive
results why not level up a bit by making
a vinegar bath we know what your
inquisitive mind is thinking won't it
leave a sour smell on my body no in fact
it kills the bacteria that produce body
odor apple cider vinegar also restores
the skins natural acidity or pH level
making it smoother and healthier your
skin should maintain a pH level of 4.5
to 5.5 but this changes because of the
chemicals in your soap here's how to
prepare a vinegar bath fill your tub
with warm water dilute one to two cups
of apple cider vinegar in the water get
in the tub and soak your body for twenty
to thirty minutes rinse with cool water
number seven soothe sore throats stop
that coughing fit an itchy throat with
apple cider vinegar
I joined study by concoct University of
Seoul and Indian Institute of Technology
Madras of cannae found that it contains
antibacterial properties that can help
cure a sore throat pick your poison you
can mix it with honey lemon juice or
green tea how the first option is lemon
juice and a green tea bag mix 1 to 2
teaspoons of apple cider vinegar and
lemon juice in the glass of warm water
put a green tea bag in the glass
the second sore throat reliever is honey
dilute 2 tablespoons of honey and 1
tablespoon of vinegar in a mug of warm
water drink either of these until your
sore throat is gone
number 6 relieve sinus infections do you
feel pain above or below your eyes is
your voice hoarse and stuffy when you
blow your nose is the discharge
yellowish if you've experienced all of
these then you probably have a sinus
infection or sinusitis reduce it by
making a DIY rinse or steam for the DIY
rinse mix 1 teaspoon of apple cider
vinegar in a cup of warm water slowly
pour the mixture into your palm and
inhale it through your nostrils since
there is a chance that the vinegar rinse
may spill on to your hands try DIY steam
instead you'll need a saucepan owl and
cup for this home remedy mix 1/2 a cup
of vinegar with half a cup of water boil
until steam appears turn off the stove
wrap a towel over your head and neck
carefully inhale the steam over the
steaming saucepan perform any of these
procedures until your sinus infection is
gone
number five removes razor burns the
aftermath of a rigorous shaving session
is razor burns your unwanted hair is
removed but it's now replaced with an
angry rash and burning sensation ouch
the troubles of achieving flawless skin
thanks to the anti-inflammatory
properties of apple cider vinegar you
can now easily get rid of razor burns
pour apple cider vinegar into a cup you
can mix equal parts of vinegar and water
if you have sensitive skin apply a small
amount of it to a cotton ball at the
affected area with it and let it air dry
rinse with water repeat this two or
three times a day until the affected
area calms down
number four removes bruises bruises from
an injury or extreme physical activity
can heal after a week or two but the
mark left behind usually takes a month
to fade and speed up the process by
applying apple cider vinegar here's what
you're going to do soak a piece of clean
cotton in apple cider vinegar apply it
to the bruised area leave it for an hour
rinse afterward
[Music]
number three relieves heartburn know
this medical condition is not associated
with your heart how do you know if it's
heartburn also known as acid reflux you
cannot swallow easily you're coughing
there's pain in your upper abdomen as if
it burns you have a sore throat and
there's a sour taste in your mouth you
can lessen the burning sensation in your
stomach by drinking a glass of water
mixed with two teaspoons of apple cider
vinegar during a meal number two
detoxify the liver your liver is the
busiest and largest organ in your body
according to medical news today it
carries out 500 distinct functions in
the human body some of its roles are
breaking down the food you eat
helping blood clots during injury
improving metabolism storing vitamins
and minerals and strengthening your
immune system due to a technics kejal
yup it's busier than you the liver can
regenerate but there is a condition it
should always be kept healthy however
liver regeneration takes longer or
malfunctions because of an unhealthy
lifestyle or alcohol abuse help your
liver to be as good as new again by
drinking an apple cider vinegar solution
and flushing out those harmful toxins
mix 1 to 2 teaspoons of vinegar in a
glass of water drink this before eating
a meal you can add a bit of honey to
sweeten the sour taste
[Music]
number one treat sunburn the sun's UV
rays are truly unforgiving on your skin
stroll along the beach or simply walking
outside at the worst times of the day
can cause sunburn especially in the
summer months
WebMD advises staying indoors between 10
a.m. and 2 p.m. but what if your job
requires you to work outside let the
healing properties of apple cider
vinegar provide you with temporary
relief mix equal parts of water and
vinegar in a spray bottle and apply this
to the affected area if you don't have a
spray bottle use a clean cloth and dab
the mixture in it before you try the
tips in this video keep in mind these
general guidelines apply the vinegar to
a small patch of skin first to check if
it irritate your skin avoid the eyes and
ears when applying it make sure it has
mother in it whoa what in the world is
this mother according to brag one of the
top producers of apple cider vinegar the
mother is the dark cloudy cobweb like
substance in the vinegar in layman's
terms it's the secret sauce that makes
apple cider vinegar so effective only
buy organic raw fresh unfilter unheated
and unpasteurized apple cider vinegar
do you know of any other uses for apple
cider vinegar share them with us in the
comments don't forget to share this
video and hit the like button so
everyone will be aware of how amazing
this vinegar is stay updated with our
new interesting videos and join us on
the bright side of life
[Music]